Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: nidhichaudharygsmtpd007
Version: 1.0.6
Summary: A library to convert the google sheets into pandas df and plot the graphs accordingly
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Nidhi Chaudhary
Author-email: nidhichaudhary1097@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: Library: nidhichaudharygsmtpd007
        
        This library helps in taking the google sheets and can even convert the sheets into the pandas dataframe and then it can use this dataframe to plot it into 3 different forms of graphs:
        1. Bar plot
        2. Line Plot with markers and dotted line
        3. Scatter Plot with the mean line and the color.
        
        ** Details of each functions are described below
        
        1. To call the google spreadsheet:
            - Use createcredentials() for this purpose:
                    
                    createcredentials('your api json filename', 'spreadsheet to be called')
                Put the full path for the api json filename
            - It returns the list of the dictionary from the called spreadsheet.
        
        2. To convert the list of dictionary returned from the createcredentials() to dataframe:
            - Use createDF() for this purpose:
                    
                    createDF(d) 
                        - d: the returned list of dictionary
            - Returns the dataframe that can be used for plotting.
        
        3. To plot the graphs of your choice:
            - Currently the library provides you to plot 3 graphs: Bar Plot, Line Plot, Scatter Plot.
           
            - For Barlplot you need to call:
                  
                    plotBar(dataframe, 'column name for the x axis', 'column name for the y axis')
                - The function automatically plots the graph for you.
            
            - For Lineplot you need to call:
                    
                    plotLine(dataframe, 'column name for the x axis', 'column name for the y axis')
                 - The function plots the graph which is represented by the dotted line and the points are marked by the '>' symbol.
        
            - For Scatterplot you need to call:
                    
                    plotScatter(dataframe, 'column name for the x axis', 'column name for the y axis', colors)
                    colors: Array for designing the colorbar.
                - The function returns the Scatterplot which is represented by the green color and along with it there shall be a color bar which describes the  variation of color throughout the plotting of graph. Along with that mean is also plotted with that.
        
            Note: All figures can be easily saved.
        
            Pre-Requisites:
            1. Google API for spreadsheets
        
            For creating this library I have used gspread for calling the google spreadsheet api.
            
Keywords: GoogleSheets,Plotting
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
